Artifact support implementation (#79)
testomatio/java-reporter: README.md

---

## 📎 Test Artifacts Support

The Java Reporter supports attaching files (screenshots, logs, videos, etc.) to your test results and uploading them to
S3-compatible storage.  
Artifacts handling is enabled by default, but it won't affect the run if there are no artifacts provided (see options below).

> > NOTE: Current version handles artifacts synchronously.

Reviewer: Tech detail. Should be removed from readme. Create issue instead

```suggestion
```

### Configuration

> Artifact handling can be configured in **two different ways**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Artifacts are stored in external S3 buckets. S3 Access can be configured in **two different ways**:
```

| Setting                       | Description                                      | Default     |
|-------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|-------------|
| `testomatio.artifact.disable` | Completely disable artifact uploading            | `false`     |
| `testomatio.artifact.private` | Keep artifacts private (no public URLs)          | `false`     |
| `s3.force-path-style`         | Use path-style URLs for S3-compatible storage    | `false`     |
| `s3.endpoint`                 | Custom endpoint ot be used with force-path-style | `false`     |
| `s3.bucket`                   | Provides bucket name for configuration           |             |
| `s3.access-key-id`            | Access key for the bucket                        |             |
| `s3.region`                   | Bucket region                                    | `us-west-1` |

**Note**: S3 credentials can be configured either in properties file or provided automatically on Testomat.io UI.
Environment variables take precedence over server-provided credentials.

### Usage

> Use the `Testomatio` facade to attach files to your tests:

Reviewer: What other methods Testomatio contains?

Author: None yet

```java
import io.testomat.core.facade.Testomatio;

public class MyTest {

    @Test
    public void testWithScreenshot() {
        // Your test logic

        // Attach artifacts (screenshots, logs, etc.)
        Testomatio.artifact(
                "/path/to/screenshot.png",
                "/path/to/test.log"
        );
    }
}
```

> Multiple directories can be provided to the `Testomatio.artifact(String ...)` facade method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple files can be provided to the `Testomatio.artifact(String ...)` method.
```

facade - is tech implementatoin, not needed to mention

Please, make sure you provide path to artifact file including its extension.

### How It Works

> 1. **File Validation**: Only existing files with valid paths are processed

Reviewer: Cap obvious
